Hi, guys.
Now, what you can also do is whenever a user creates a new method, we can then save that's created
method in the first or database.
Okay.
Now, to do this, we need to go back to our visit code.
Now, we all agreed that the controllers order is really going to be creating all our logic or all the
functionalities of our have.
So now what you can do over this controls folder, we can create a new FY and they're just going to
call this FY.
So all the score controller.
Controller in this picture.
Dot dots.
Okay.
And now we can use control.
And that's a big just wide.
Now, the first step we are going to take is you're going to need to create a class and you're going
to call this class.
Faster.
Controller.
Okay.
Great.
Now the next step is you're going to create a function.
So now we can say void.
And the name of the function, we're just going to call this function.
Heart medicine to fire.
Stir.
Okay.
The in the parentheses over here are the over the parentheses.
We can then pass in the medicine name.
And since this is it, this is definitely going to be a type of string.
Okay.
You know where we can hide the college brackets?
Ten year pass and the sink since we're going to use the eggs.
Okay, great.
Now, the next ten you're going to do now is to have it try the cash block so you can then go to this,
not automatically have the cash.
Okay, great.
Now, the logic is we are going to create.
A sort coalition.
And that sort of coalition.
It's been a record midterm.
Or Mittens.
Right.
Okay.
And that's made sense.
Is only going to be available.
The user who created it.
That is, if you don't have an image created by you, you're not going to see that user, that Mittens
collection.
Okay.
So you're going to create that with this collection in this user's collections.
So those are called sorts collections.
Right.
So Coalition writes about everybody's users for its users.
Collections is more like a folder where all your files are being stored.
So you can see this user's collection as a folder via all your users or a document are being stored.
Well, now we just have one single user or one single document.
Right.
Okay.
Not to do this, you're not to have a self collection.
We need to first address this towards this user's collection.
Right.
Okay.
Now, over here, we are going to need to initialize the faster database.
So although you can create a final variable, which is Maguire, to specify the type of the variable,
it's a type of first or so five days.
Is faster.
Okay.
Then we can create a variable can on the score.
You can either go with this or this page is going to go with the score faster.
Dead is equal to five days faster.
Dan Dodds.
He says.
Right.
Okay.
This.
We can add.
Semicolon.
This is the try, right?
Okay.
David, this.
Get rid of this.
Okay.
For our ways.
Faster.
Okay.
Now that we can't wait for this dance, we can dance for the score for our store.
That is disagreeable.
Then I don't need to have access to that.
Use this collection so you can see the collection.
The name of the collection is card users.
Like I said, this users.
This users collection is more like a folder where all our user is going to be stored.
Right.
All we are users is being stored for the now, which is our one user or documents.
Okay.
Now what I said next is.
The medicine is going to be available to all the user who created it.
Right.
So if you did not create an limitation, you're not going to see this subculture called admitted, but
can also do that.
So specify the meeting to a particular user or created it.
We need to have access to that user who created the wizard.
Hopefully you understand this thing is kind of confused about you're going to see this in action.
Okay.
Now, not to have the to have access to the user, Heidi.
We also need to create order, find a variable.
And it is going to specify the type is the type of firebase orts.
Right.
So you can see all this cohorts.
There is going to be equal to fives arts standards distance.
Okay.
Now we can add a semicolon over here because it does talk.
The talk is referring to the user.
Right.
So there we can see.
On the score.
Arts standards committees are that as user or just created the written standards UID So it is we have
access to the user.
We just created the method for now the user would just created with it is what?
McAuliffe emails.
We are having access to this video wire.
So the meeting is going to be available to the specified user, not just all users.
Okay.
Now we can then create a self collection.
Dutch.
It's collection.
Then we can call this mid sense.
Okay.
Did we consider it hot?
Now you can either use the set, we'll get, you know, used or hot.
The reason for the dot odd is when you use the hot hot houses, it's automatically going to generate
a unique ID for you.
Whenever you want to use the users, you also create a collection.
You need to specify a hide just like this.
Just like this way.
You can see we have to specify the ID.
They said that the user ID was are you creating a new collection is more like a new collection.
It will do is a collection what is still a new collection of called meters.
But now you can see we are not specify the ID, right?
We could have said see the stock again.
They will need to specify the Heidi.
So in order to keep this type of code, I don't specify, although the ideal buyer is going to go ahead
to use the dot, dot, dot.
So by doing this five ways is automatically going to generate a unique ID for us.
So that was always I hate to use this sort of set of dot sets, right?
So you can although you can actually get rid.
You can actually get rid of this talk or there.
Get rid of.
This dark and used thought odd.
Though it's hard.
You still the same ten.
Dissented.
But this time around you don't have access creating the user you already yourself vote for VS is automatically
generated for you.
So it does basically different between heart of sets when you use hard files.
These is automatically generated Heidi for you.
When you use set, you need to generate the hide yourself.
So we are generating the idea based on the words these are you already great.
So that's the difference between the user the hard and sets.
Right.
Okay, so that's going to be hard.
And can I just had this.
Okay.
They're going to specify the fields we need for the meters collection so we can say we need to retain
them first.
Is going to be written name.
Then we are going to have as also specify we need to created.
So we can just see created.
That is the date the meeting was created to get set date time.
Thoughts now.
Okay, great.
Okay.
This.
Okay, great.
Now, this basically is definitely this number will be an error.
But you can also you can just separate the.
Okay.
I'll just say we call on case control initiative.
Now we can then use control and B and we are going to go to the.
Gets it made controller.
So it gets the controller in all their needs to first not to have access to this function.
This person rights court hard we to crash.
We need to have access to this class so.
What is just the controller?
You can use control and be there.
We need to go to the top.
And.
You can do this before this or after.
This does not really matter.
So you can see the final is going to be.
Why are these so fast or controller in on this score?
You can just see.
So on the cell what we are basically doing.
We can go with this faster controller.
It is going to be equal to.
Faster.
Controller.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Now, over here, you can then say on the score.
Why are these controller dead?
We can have access to the hard medicine faster.
Now for the meeting.
Abe is going to be the room.
Name.
Okay, great.
This is basically it.
Hopefully it's a simple to you or is it to you?
But that's all we just need.
Now we can use control is so all to load in about to save those save flies if there is.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
This has taken longer than expected.
Okay.
I think it's taking longer than expected.
Boy, you can just go ahead and try yours.
Right.
You can just go ahead and click on this.
The new medicine.
Okay.
I think mine are mine, but it's some issues.
It's almost a search for mine.
Well, if you don't use, you can just go ahead and check.
You can.
It's going to be visible.
Although I.
Right.
It's going to be visible over there for you.
Okay.
Connecting you to your mission.
There's no room for this.
And while he's a patient with me.
Okay.
I'll just have to I'm not going to see this because I really have not saved that to save the fire before.
Let's do this again.
Court.
And this time we're just going to lose control next to save.
And now let's try this out ourselves together.
Okay.
New Britain.
Great.
Okay.
Now let's go check.
If it was naturally created, it is going to go to this.
Then go back to this.
Okay.
You can see the.
You can see.
The ID automatically generated as I do for us you can see created us and this is the meeting their right
to go to check it away.
You can see it is the same, right?
Okay.
Sounds good.
Now, if you have a user, this image, this collection is not going to be visible to that user.
Right.
So this basically it's generated an idea for us.
We did not do this.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.